ga - 7.27.0 - release notes (#26757)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

* iambeta: added `attestation_rules` field to `google_iam_workload_identity_pool` resource ([#26706](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26706))
* lustre: added `dynamic_tier_options` field to `google_lustre_instance` resource ([#26741](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26741))
* migrationcenter: added `virtual_machine_preferences.compute_engine_preferences.persistent_disk_type` field to `google_migration_center_preference_set` resource ([#26693](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26693))
* networkconnectivity: added support for new spoke fields `exclude_import_ranges`, `include_export_ranges`, `exclude_export_ranges` and expanded CIDR support for `include_import_ranges` in `google_network_connectivity_spoke` resource ([#26730](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26730))
* pubsub: add `aiInference` field to `Topic` and `Subscription` resources. ([#26738](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26738))

> * sql: added `clone_context.source_project` field to `google_sql_database_instance` resource to support cross project clone (GA) ([#26652](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26652))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* sql: added `clone_context.source_project` field to `google_sql_database_instance` resource to support cross project clone ([#26652](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26652))
```

* vertexai: fixed `service_attachment` field for `google_vertex_ai_endpoint_with_model_garden_deployment` resource ([#26690](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26690))

BUG FIXES:
* compute: fix a permadiff on the `adaptive_protection_config` field for `google_compute_security_policy` resource ([#26692](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26692))
* compute: fixed panic when setting `google_compute_project_metadata` on a project with no existing metadata ([#26630](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26630))

> * google_biglake_iceberg_catalog: Change the `primary-location` parameter to `primary_location` in the create URL. ([#26695](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26695))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* biglakeiceberg: changed the `primary-location` parameter to `primary_location` in the create URL of `google_biglake_iceberg_catalog` resource ([#26695](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/26695))
```
